Ha, Ariel,
Dad is already home, are you not as good as Siyue’s Mu Lihuang?
Keep moving, Dad,
What are you saying to me? Who is this woman?
Dad, Dad, Dad,
Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad,
Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad,
Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad,
dad,
Dad, Dad, Dad,
That drunken sauce with a big belly and a lot of meat, wow, buckwheat, wow
Look, what are you eating?
Sir, you go first
Buckwheat buckwheat Buckwheat buckwheat
That teacher has no intention of eating
You are still the most blameworthy among my mothers.